::: {.callout-tip collapse=true}
## Further information

- The recommended tool in this course is R (with the IDE RStudio).
- Instead of installing R and RStudio on you own computer, see [**how
  to use R and RStudio remotely**](https://avehtari.github.io/BDA_course_Aalto/FAQ.html#How_to_use_R_and_RStudio_remotely).
- If you want to install R and RStudio locally,
  download [R and RStudio](https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/).
- There are tons of tutorials, videos and introductions to R and
  RStudio online. You can find some initial hints from [**RStudio
  Education pages**](https://education.rstudio.com/).
- When working with R, we recommend writing the report using `quarto` and the provided template.
  The template includes the formatting instructions and how to include code and figures.
- Instead of `quarto`, you can use other software to make the PDF
  report, but the the same instructions for formatting should be used.
- Report all results in a single, **anonymous** \*.pdf -file and
  submit it in [**peergrade.io**](peergrade.io).
- The course has its own R package `aaltobda` with data and
  functionality to simplify coding. The package is pre-installed in JupyterHub.
  To install the package on your own system, run
  the following code (upgrade=\"never\" skips question about updating other packages):
```{.r}
install.packages("aaltobda", repos = c("https://avehtari.github.io/BDA_course_Aalto/", getOption("repos")))
```
-   Many of the exercises can be checked automatically using the R
    package `markmyassignment` (pre-installed in JupyterHub).
    Information on how to install and use the
    package can be found in [the `markmyassignment` documentation](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/markmyassignment/vignettes/markmyassignment.html).
    There is no need to include `markmyassignment` results in the
    report.
-   Recommended additional self study exercises for each chapter in BDA3
    are listed in the course web page. These will help to gain deeper understanding of the topic.
-   Common questions and answers regarding installation and technical
    problems can be found in [Frequently Asked Questions
    (FAQ)](https://avehtari.github.io/BDA_course_Aalto/FAQ.html).
-   Deadlines for all assignments can be found on the course web page
    and in Peergrade. You can set email alerts for the deadlines in
    Peergrade settings.
-   You are allowed to discuss assignments with your friends, but it is
    not allowed to copy solutions directly from other students or from
    internet.
-   You can copy, e.g., plotting code from the course demos,
    but really try to solve the actual assignment problems with your own
    code and explanations.
-   Do not share your answers publicly.
-   Do not copy answers from the internet or from previous years. We compare
    the answers to the answers from previous years and to the answers
    from other students this year.
-   Use of AI is allowed on the course, but the most of the work needs to by the student, and you need to report
    whether you used AI and in which way you used them (See [points 5 and 6 in Aalto guidelines for use of AI in teaching](https://www.aalto.fi/en/services/guidance-for-the-use-of-artificial-intelligence-in-teaching-and-learning-at-aalto-university)).
-   All suspected plagiarism will be
    reported and investigated. See more about the [**Aalto University
    Code of Academic Integrity and Handling Violations
    Thereof**](https://into.aalto.fi/display/ensaannot/Aalto+University+Code+of+Academic+Integrity+and+Handling+Violations+Thereof).
-   Do not submit empty PDFs, almost empty PDFs, copy of the questions, nonsense generated by yourself or AI, as these are just
    harming the other students as they can't do peergrading for the
    empty or nonsense submissions. Violations of this rule will be
    reported and investigated in the same way was plagiarism.
-   If you have any suggestions or improvements to the course material,
    please post in the course chat feedback channel, create an issue, or
    submit a pull request to the public repository!


:::



::: {.rubric weight=7.5}

* Can you open the PDF and it's not blank nor nonsense?
If the pdf is blank, nonsense, or something like only a copy of the questions, 1) report it as problematic in Peergrade-interface to get another report to review, and 2) send a message to TAs.
* Is the report anonymous?

:::